README.md, before:

## 👨🏻‍💻 Welcome

### 😄 About me
<!--
**xkelxmc/xkelxmc** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
## 📦 Open Source

- ### [eden-tanstack-query](https://github.com/xkelxmc/eden-tanstack-query)
  Type-safe TanStack Query integration for Elysia Eden. Like @trpc/react-query, but for Elysia.

### 🔗 Contacts

- [linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/xkelxmc)
- [telegram](https://t.me/xkelxmc)
  
### 💻 Tech Stack:
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![Solidity](https://img.shields.io/badge/Solidity-%23363636.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=solidity&logoColor=white) ![Bash Script](https://img.shields.io/badge/bash_script-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=gnu-bash&logoColor=white) ![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-%23FF9900.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white) ![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/vercel-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel&logoColor=white) ![Cloudflare](https://img.shields.io/badge/Cloudflare-F38020?style=for-the-badge&logo=Cloudflare&logoColor=white) ![DigitalOcean](https://img.shields.io/badge/DigitalOcean-%230167ff.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=digitalOcean&logoColor=white) ![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-%23039BE5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase) ![Elasticsearch](https://img.shields.io/badge/elasticsearch-%230377CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=elasticsearch&logoColor=white) ![Expo](https://img.shields.io/badge/expo-1C1E24?style=for-the-badge&logo=expo&logoColor=#D04A37) ![JWT](https://img.shields.io/badge/JWT-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=JSON%20web%20tokens) ![NestJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/nestjs-%23E0234E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nestjs&logoColor=white) ![Next JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=white) ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![PNPM](https://img.shields.io/badge/pnpm-%234a4a4a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=pnpm&logoColor=f69220) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![React Native](https://img.shields.io/badge/react_native-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![React Query](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React%20Query-FF4154?style=for-the-badge&logo=react%20query&logoColor=white) ![React Router](https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Router-CA4245?style=for-the-badge&logo=react-router&logoColor=white) ![React Hook Form](https://img.shields.io/badge/React%20Hook%20Form-%23EC5990.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=reacthookform&logoColor=white) ![Redux](https://img.shields.io/badge/redux-%23593d88.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=redux&logoColor=white) ![RollupJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/RollupJS-ef3335?style=for-the-badge&logo=rollup.js&logoColor=white) ![RxJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/rxjs-%23B7178C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=reactivex&logoColor=white) ![Socket.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/Socket.io-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=socket.io&badgeColor=010101) ![Chart.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/chart.js-F5788D.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=chart.js&logoColor=white) ![MUI](https://img.shields.io/badge/MUI-%230081CB.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mui&logoColor=white) ![Strapi](https://img.shields.io/badge/strapi-%232E7EEA.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=strapi&logoColor=white) ![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white) ![Three js](https://img.shields.io/badge/threejs-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=three.js&logoColor=white) ![Badge Name](https://img.shields.io/badge/tRPC-%232596BE.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tRPC&logoColor=white) ![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/vite-%23646CFF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vite&logoColor=white) ![Web3.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/web3.js-F16822?style=for-the-badge&logo=web3.js&logoColor=white) ![Nginx](https://img.shields.io/badge/nginx-%23009639.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nginx&logoColor=white) ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white) ![Postgres](https://img.shields.io/badge/postgres-%23316192.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white) ![Prisma](https://img.shields.io/badge/Prisma-3982CE?style=for-the-badge&logo=Prisma&logoColor=white) ![Redis](https://img.shields.io/badge/redis-%23DD0031.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=redis&logoColor=white) ![Supabase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Supabase-3ECF8E?style=for-the-badge&logo=supabase&logoColor=white) ![Storybook](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Storybook-FF4785?style=for-the-badge&logo=storybook&logoColor=white) ![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white) ![GitHub Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/github%20actions-%232671E5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=githubactions&logoColor=white) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white) ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white) ![Grafana](https://img.shields.io/badge/grafana-%23F46800.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=grafana&logoColor=white) ![OpenSea](https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenSea-%232081E2.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=opensea&logoColor=white) ![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white) ![Prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/prettier-%23F7B93E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=prettier&logoColor=black) ![ESLint](https://img.shields.io/badge/ESLint-4B3263?style=for-the-badge&logo=eslint&logoColor=white) ![Prometheus](https://img.shields.io/badge/Prometheus-E6522C?style=for-the-badge&logo=Prometheus&logoColor=white) ![Swagger](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Swagger-%23Clojure?style=for-the-badge&logo=swagger&logoColor=white) ![Twilio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twilio-F22F46?style=for-the-badge&logo=Twilio&logoColor=white)

### 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=xkelxmc&theme=dark&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=xkelxmc&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=true&layout=compact)

Commit message:

docs: add about me section

README.md, after:

## 👨🏻‍💻 Welcome

### 😄 About me

Fullstack developer with 11+ years of experience, originally from Siberia.
I specialize in TypeScript ecosystem — from React and Next.js on the frontend
to NestJS, tRPC, and Elysia on the backend. Also exploring Web3 and React Native.

Passionate about type safety, great DX, and performance. I enjoy solving
complex problems and recently started contributing to open source.
## 📦 Open Source

- ### [eden-tanstack-query](https://github.com/xkelxmc/eden-tanstack-query)
  Type-safe TanStack Query integration for Elysia Eden. Like @trpc/react-query, but for Elysia.

### 🔗 Contacts

- [linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/xkelxmc)
- [telegram](https://t.me/xkelxmc)
  
### 💻 Tech Stack:
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![Solidity](https://img.shields.io/badge/Solidity-%23363636.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=solidity&logoColor=white) ![Bash Script](https://img.shields.io/badge/bash_script-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=gnu-bash&logoColor=white) ![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-%23FF9900.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white) ![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/vercel-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel&logoColor=white) ![Cloudflare](https://img.shields.io/badge/Cloudflare-F38020?style=for-the-badge&logo=Cloudflare&logoColor=white) ![DigitalOcean](https://img.shields.io/badge/DigitalOcean-%230167ff.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=digitalOcean&logoColor=white) ![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-%23039BE5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase) ![Elasticsearch](https://img.shields.io/badge/elasticsearch-%230377CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=elasticsearch&logoColor=white) ![Expo](https://img.shields.io/badge/expo-1C1E24?style=for-the-badge&logo=expo&logoColor=#D04A37) ![JWT](https://img.shields.io/badge/JWT-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=JSON%20web%20tokens) ![NestJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/nestjs-%23E0234E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nestjs&logoColor=white) ![Next JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=white) ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![PNPM](https://img.shields.io/badge/pnpm-%234a4a4a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=pnpm&logoColor=f69220) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![React Native](https://img.shields.io/badge/react_native-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![React Query](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React%20Query-FF4154?style=for-the-badge&logo=react%20query&logoColor=white) ![React Router](https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Router-CA4245?style=for-the-badge&logo=react-router&logoColor=white) ![React Hook Form](https://img.shields.io/badge/React%20Hook%20Form-%23EC5990.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=reacthookform&logoColor=white) ![Redux](https://img.shields.io/badge/redux-%23593d88.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=redux&logoColor=white) ![RollupJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/RollupJS-ef3335?style=for-the-badge&logo=rollup.js&logoColor=white) ![RxJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/rxjs-%23B7178C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=reactivex&logoColor=white) ![Socket.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/Socket.io-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=socket.io&badgeColor=010101) ![Chart.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/chart.js-F5788D.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=chart.js&logoColor=white) ![MUI](https://img.shields.io/badge/MUI-%230081CB.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mui&logoColor=white) ![Strapi](https://img.shields.io/badge/strapi-%232E7EEA.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=strapi&logoColor=white) ![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white) ![Three js](https://img.shields.io/badge/threejs-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=three.js&logoColor=white) ![Badge Name](https://img.shields.io/badge/tRPC-%232596BE.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tRPC&logoColor=white) ![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/vite-%23646CFF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vite&logoColor=white) ![Web3.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/web3.js-F16822?style=for-the-badge&logo=web3.js&logoColor=white) ![Nginx](https://img.shields.io/badge/nginx-%23009639.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nginx&logoColor=white) ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white) ![Postgres](https://img.shields.io/badge/postgres-%23316192.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white) ![Prisma](https://img.shields.io/badge/Prisma-3982CE?style=for-the-badge&logo=Prisma&logoColor=white) ![Redis](https://img.shields.io/badge/redis-%23DD0031.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=redis&logoColor=white) ![Supabase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Supabase-3ECF8E?style=for-the-badge&logo=supabase&logoColor=white) ![Storybook](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Storybook-FF4785?style=for-the-badge&logo=storybook&logoColor=white) ![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white) ![GitHub Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/github%20actions-%232671E5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=githubactions&logoColor=white) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white) ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white) ![Grafana](https://img.shields.io/badge/grafana-%23F46800.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=grafana&logoColor=white) ![OpenSea](https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenSea-%232081E2.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=opensea&logoColor=white) ![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white) ![Prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/prettier-%23F7B93E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=prettier&logoColor=black) ![ESLint](https://img.shields.io/badge/ESLint-4B3263?style=for-the-badge&logo=eslint&logoColor=white) ![Prometheus](https://img.shields.io/badge/Prometheus-E6522C?style=for-the-badge&logo=Prometheus&logoColor=white) ![Swagger](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Swagger-%23Clojure?style=for-the-badge&logo=swagger&logoColor=white) ![Twilio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twilio-F22F46?style=for-the-badge&logo=Twilio&logoColor=white)

### 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=xkelxmc&theme=dark&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=xkelxmc&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=true&layout=compact)
